add snapshot info (#138)
DefangLabs/defang-docs: docs/concepts/managed-storage/managed-postgres.md

```

## Final Snapshots

> When a project is deployed to a production environment any managed postgres instances are automatically configured to create a snapshot of the database before deletion. The snapshot will be named with the following format

Reviewer: I think this should specifically mention the "deployment mode".
```suggestion
When a project is deployed with the `producton` [deployment mode](/docs/concepts/deployment-modes) any managed postgres instances are automatically configured to create a snapshot of the database before deletion. The snapshot will be named with the following format
```
